100,000 I made him 2 million
Lad discount easy to sell excellent
100,000 2 million You're crazy about money
You must be dreaming.
Boy, did you buy these things?
I like them all.
Packed like this
2 million give it to me
The royal family is full
Why put one
Stinky beggars beat me up as ancestors
President Wang's business is business
Friendship is friendship
You don't deserve this
These things
I said he could sell 2 million
He can sell 2 million
I said big brother
When is this still holding on?
This is 2 million
Not 20,000
If you say no, just refuse.
There aren't many opportunities.
Just trust me.
Oh, by the way, do you know earthworms?
earthworm
Who doesn't know?
The Eye of God
It is said that there is no mother he misjudged
Are you like this?
You go to the earthworm.
Direct asking price 2 million
Are you trying to hurt me?
What kind of person is Qiu Ye?
Don't say you haven't seen anyone
The legs are not discounted.
Trust me.
Are you also looking for autumn leaves?
What a coincidence today.
I also made an appointment with Akiba to do business together
This point should be reached.
Hey, here we go.
brother